Doc update - configure scopes (#898)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/_reporting/hubs/configure-scopes.md

<br>

> ## 🛠️ Configure exports manually

Reviewer: Did you mean to get rid of this? Don't we need it?

Author: yes, I was getting a merge conflict

   - **Overwrite data** = Off<sup>4</sup>
   - **Storage account** = (Use subscription/resource deployed with your hub)
   - **Container** = `msexports`

>    - **Directory** = (Specify the storage container and directory path<sup>5</sup> for the export file)

Reviewer: The container shouldn't be in the path and we should stress that it be unique. There could be data ingestion issues if they use the same path for 2 exports. I'd rather keep the suggestions, but we can simplify them. We can probably not mention the MCA billing account ID, which is the only problem.
```suggestion
   - **Directory** = (Specify a unique path for this scope<sup>5</sup>)
     - _**EA billing account:** `billingAccounts/{enrollment-number}`_
     - _**MCA billing profile:** `billingProfiles/{billing-profile-id}`_
     - _**Subscription:** `subscriptions/{subscription-id}`_
     - _**Resource group:** `subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{rg-name}`_
```

_<sup>2) FinOps hubs 0.4 supports both FOCUS 1.0 and FOCUS 1.0 preview. Power BI reports in 0.4 are aligned to FOCUS 1.0 regardless of whether data was ingested as FOCUS 1.0 preview. If you need 1.0 preview data and reports, please use FinOps hubs 0.3.</sup>_
_<sup>3) Configuring a daily export starts in the current month. If you want to backfill historical data, create a one-time export and set the start/end dates to the desired date range.</sup>_
_<sup>4) While most settings are required, overwriting is optional. We recommend **not** overwriting files so you can monitor your ingestion pipeline using the [Data ingestion](../power-bi/data-ingestion.md) report. If you do not plan to use that report, please enable overwriting.</sup>_

> _<sup>5) Name the storage directory after an identifiable name or ID to assist when troubleshooting through cost exports. This can be the subscription name or subscription ID for a subscription scope (e.g., "corp-test-001" or "########-####-####-####-############"). This can also be the billing account name or the billing account ID  for a billing account scope (e.g., "billing name" or "#######"). To learn more, see [Understand and work with scopes](https://aka.ms/costmgmt/scopes).</sup>_

Reviewer: If we keep examples above, we can simplify this and probably just focus on the uniqueness issue.
```suggestion
_<sup>5) Export paths can be any value but must be unique per scope. We recommended using a path that identifies the source scope (e.g., subscription or billing account). If 2 scopes share the same path, there could be ingestion errors.</sup>_
```
